Update CHANGELOG.md for 4.64.0 (#4907)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.64.0
==========
### New Features

> - Added managed identity support for Azure ARC on Linux. See [Issue #4358](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4358)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved managed identity support for Azure ARC on Linux by adding file detection. See [Issue #4358](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4358)
```

> - Added Username and password support for confidential clients. See [Issue #3774](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3774)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ROPC (Username/Password) support for confidential clients. See [Issue #3774](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3774)
```
